Let's organize our background now.
So we have four layers.
We have our values layer our Skyler our cloud layer and our mountains layer our cloud layer lost its
name when we merged the two layers.
So let's go ahead and rename that first.
And now what we want to do is we want to be able to turn off whole sections of our background at once
without having to individually turn them off.
And so we're going to break our background up into different sections so the first section we'll have
is the background section which will be our sky our clouds and our mountains.
So let's go ahead and select all of those by holding down shift but starting with the top one down shift
and coming down to the bottom where we want to select and it will select all of those.
And now let's add a folder which is this little icon next to the new layer icon and that will group
those all into one folders.
Now you'll see we have one folder there.
If we click on it opens up and we have a whole bunch or we have all of our layers inside that folder
.
Now let's name that folder background because this is the background to our background.